- wee hours
-- The wee hours of the morning.

- breastfed

- diaper

[24~32]
By the way, how about the interview?
The interviewers are friendly.
I reviewed knowledge of operating system for the interview, and I simulated several questions that I think they would ask me.
But they didin't, they saw my resume and asked several questions about the work experience, and then they started to introduce detail of their team and what they do for me.
And they also asked me "Why do you change your job? and What kind of thing do you not used to in the company?"

And how did you answer the question?

For the first question, I told them "I need a company near my houst because I have two children now. The current company is far from me."
Another reason is that I am familiar with the product in this company because I work for this company about six and half years.
I think that I won't learn many things if I still stay here.
Besides, I wanted to improve the development process but the superiors do not what to do that.
Some parts of the development process spend too much time.
so I want to automate these parts and make the development process quicker but the superior think that the job is worthless.
For example, I can create a mechanism for automatic deployment and write a script for automaic test.
It rarely makes mistakes and it saves many time for whole developement process.
Besides, the quality of the product will be improved.

Jerry, who will be your boss here?

He was my collague before, he went to this company two years ago and I think he is a nice guy.

Can you tell me what is the population of employees in the new company?



[16~24]
- relief
-- Hearing the news, he breathed a sign of relief.

- near, prep.
-- He sat in a chair near the door.
-- The new company is near your house.

- infancy, noun, 幼年

- rely, vi, 依賴
-- We can rely on him to help us.

Anyway, it's near your house. it's a big relief.
Your children are still infancy, I mean... they are babies.
Your wife really need a assistance from you.
May I know, does your mom or your wife's mom meaning your monther in law, do they help assist your in your wife's situation?

No, they can't.
Because my mom or my wife's mother, they live far from my house.
(they are not near my house.)
We are not in the same city.
So it's not convenient for them to help us take care of my children.
It's only your wife and you, you are help each other.
Right. we handle everything for our family. 
I think it's fine, it's our responibility and it shouldn't rely on others to help us..
So it is a big sacrifice for you, Jerry.
But Family is family.
I think that it is not a sacrifice because I think the new company will brought many benefits for me.
It's better than my old company whether the product or the salary.
So I think that I will be stronger in the future.
I forget the position.
Is it the same position?
It is the same position but the job is different.
I will touch new domain knowledge.
How long is the training here?
Training, it is unnecessary, what I need to do is to adapt the work environment and then I can start to develop the new function or solve the problem that I will meet.

By the way, how did you learn about this new company?
How did you know about it? Who tell you?
Okay, I knew it very early because this company is the competitor of my current company.
Does someone invite you to work in that company?
Yes, my friend invited me, he was my colleague and he joined the company one year ago.
He told me a lot about the company and about his team so I think that it is a chance for me to improve myself.
(I asked him to ask his leader about the job and then he help me submit the resume.)

[0~16]

Hi Samantha, long time no see.
--> You have to say, it has been a long time since we had last class.
(It has been a long time since I saw you last week.)
Because we don't see each other.
I heard that you have a baby girl.
Ya, right.
How is she, Jerry?
She is fine, her weight was about 3.2 kilogram when she was born.
and she is about 4.7 kilogram now.
(So her weight showed an increase of 1.5 kilogram in a month.)
(Her weight has increased from 3.2 kilogram to 4.7 kilogram.)
(increase to 是增加到多少, increase by 是增加了多少)
(Her weight has increased by 1.5 kilogram)

Jerry, It seems like you begin a babysitter.
(begin - to start to do something)
I began the book six months ago, but I can't seem to finish it.
It is second time, the last time I began a babysitter is four years ago.
Anyway, jerry, did you ask for leave at work.
(這裡的leave 是休假, time allowed away from work for a holiday or illness)
- I got two weeks' leave.
- How much paid leave do you get?
- She is on leave.
- I've asked if I can take a week's unpaid leave.

- continue
-- to keep happening.
-- Do you intend to continue your studies.

No, I continue to work because my wife will take six months half-paid leave.
So I think that I won't worry about the child too much.
Besides, I prepare to change my job and I will work for new company from April 8.
Really?
Is it a sudden change or a plan?
I don't know how to explain.
It planned because I asked for my friend for this new position three months ago.
And I finished the interview with his superiors in Feburary, and then I got the offer 2 weeks ago.
I submited resignation one week ago. And now I am waiting for starting working at new company.

Because his company imposed a hiring freeze four months ago.
They had job openings in Janurary, so I had to schedule the interview in Feburary.

I didn't study English about one month, so I think that I need time to get used to it.
Anyway, have you been stressed?
stress?
Because I believe that you sometimes sleep late.
And you sleep... maybe in the wee hours.
Because when the baby cries, you have to get up.
Ya, right.
Because you have to help your wife to take care of your baby.
Yes, right.
But I think that I can't do many thing for her.
Because most of the time the baby need to be breastfed.
The only thing that I can help her is to change the diaper of the baby.
That's it? Change diaper?
You cannot carry the baby.
Oh, sorry. I can carry the baby. 
Sometimes I need to carry the baby so that my wife can have her meal and take a break.
The only thing that I can't do is to fed the baby.
Because the baby is breast-fed.

Anyway, Jerry.
When is the last time that you read your English book?
It's about one month ago.

At least you try, despite you have a very busy schedule.
I mean taking care of baby.
Right, that is one of the reasons.
Another reason is that I need to prepare the interview so I suspended the class for two weeks.
Anyway, Jerry. It seems that it has been a long time for you to stay at home, right?
It's not very super long, but it's longer than you expected, right?
I don't know what do you mean?
I remember that you're going to change your company, right?
so you're going to quit your current job, right?
Maybe there is a break meaning that it is a time that you don't need to go to your old comany, and you also don't need to go to your new company.
It is a break after your formal job.
I am not very sure what you mean.
Did I get it all wrong?
Could you repeat what you mention about the time after the interview?
Do you mean that I will take a break after quitting the formal job?
Ya, I mean it is a break that you don't need to go anywhere before you go to your new company.
Ya, right. It's about one week.
It still a long break because it's not holidays, right?
But take an advantage of that opportunity to do everything that you have to do.
especially in terms of helping your wife, take care of the baby.
Because I think you will be very busy from you are going to transfer to your new company.
Right, I think I will be very busy when I start the new job.
What is the number one reason you're going to quit your formal job?
The number one reason is distance, the old company for me is far away from me, and the commute time for me is about one hour.
I see, one hour is not very ok. You can do many thing in one hour.
Ya, right. I can do many things in an hour.
Because I have two children now, there will be many things that I need to take care of.
I cannot handle some things in this situation.
(I cannot handle some situations under such commute time.)
This company you're going to transfer, how far is it from home?
The company is near my house, the commute time is about ten minutes by riding a motorcycle.
Ten minutes, it's so near your house.







---------------------

Hi Samantha, long time no see.
I ask for leave about three times because I need to take care of my children and my wife.
Besides, I also needed to prepare interview for changing my job.

Actually, I don't study English about one month, so I think that I need time to recover it.
I think that I need time to get used to it.

Q: How are you today?
Ans:
I am off today because I need to take my children for physical.
