This is the demo class in "Action" English, and the teacher’s name is Samantha.



Besides, she asked me additional question:
Q6 : Are you happy with your work or with your company?
Ans:
I say that I am not actually happy with my work.
Because It made me feel bored sometimes.
I work for this company about 6 years so I am familiar with everything of my job in this company.
And that makes me feel bored.
Besides, I also feel that the growth of my profession is limited if I still stay at this company.
And that’s why I want to leave. I want to expand my vision, to make myself more powerful whether it is mental or it is material.


The second question of discussion is : 
Q5 : Do you have any career plan? Where do you want to be in ten years time?
Ans:
Where do you want to be in ten years time?
→ 你想到達哪裡(在10年的時間內)
I say that I don’t have a specific plan,  I am not a person who like to daydream because I think that the future is uncertain. I am a person who lives in a real moments. But I do have a goal that I want to be, I want to become an expert in my field. I think do the right thing now and then I will obtain the goal in the future.



And then we are at “Starting up” phase, and the first question is “How ambitious are you?”
Ans:

And the first question of discussion is: How ambitious are you?
Q4 :How ambitious are you?
Ans :
+ ambitious, 有抱負的；志向遠大的；雄心勃勃的
++ He is very ambitious for his children.
++ How ambitious are you?

I am not an ambitious person, I hope to be able to achieve a progress in the field of my profession.
And then I can make money I need , and finally I can have life security.
That means that I won’t worry about money at all and I can do things that I want to do.



Then we started the class, and she wanted  me to turn to the third page for starting the class.
The third page has a picture with a quote “Nothing will work unless you do “

Q3 : What does this quote mean?
Ans : 
It means that If I don’t take any actions to realize my dream, it will become fantasy.

The second question she asked me is “Introduce your self” because this is the first class called demo class.
Q2 : Introduce yourself
Ans:
I am a software engineer, my job is to design and implement function of NAS, which is a kind of storage.
I would like to study English for greener pasture.
But although I spend a lot of time to study English, I still cannot speak English fluently.
Besides, I have two children. One is a boy and another is a girl who will born at the end of this month.
→ and she say: So you want to learn English effectively?

The first question is “How is it going today?”
Q1 : How is it going today?
Ans:
It’s nothing special, it’s an ordinary day, I start work at 9 a.m and leave work at 7 p.m.
So I was back home a little later.

greener pasture




