Today I want to talk about a person named Linus who is the father of Linux
which is a famous software all over the world in the 21st century.
As many as products are generated based on this operating system, things like Android in cellphone, storage system called NAS.
From his talk in T.E.D, Linus said that he is good at math and physics during his childhood,
and he is not good at interpersonal relations, he likes to stay at home, studying alone.
Besides, he said that he has a special personality that he never gives up if he doesn't complete the things he wants.

Never give up,  it is the signle most important personality which is so powerful that it literally determines success or failure.
Besides Linux, Git is also the excellent software that it changes the behavior of developing software for engineers in the world.

Linus who is really a typical engineer is simple and obsinate,
and he keeps to study every time , all the time, without exception, without excuse although he has already encounter greatest success in the world.
He also influences me a lot about my career life that some words he said are really helpful to me.

I am also a person with great  enthusiasm against technology, and I try to improve my coding skill but sometimes I feel confused about my career life.
Do I grow up?
Everything I do really help me?
These two questions are always in my mind and the words said by Linus help me cleaify that. 
He said , I am not a person who has greatest sight, I am just the one who want to kick the stone in front of me.

[1]
Today I want to talk about a person named Linus who is the father of Linux which is an operating system all over the world in the  21st century.
From his autobiography, Linus started to learn coding  since he was 11 years old, and he is good at math and physics, and he always stayed at home to study and research alone.
Never give up, that is the single most important personality which is so powerful that it literally determines success or failure.
He is really a typical engineer who is simple and obstinate, and keep to study every time, all the time, without exception, without excuse.
He has great enthusiasm against technology in computer science, and finally change the world in such a way.
He is a great person that influences me a lot, and some words he said really help me.
I am also a person with great  enthusiasm against technology, and I try to improve my coding skill but sometimes I feel confused.
Do I grow up?
Everything I do really help me?
These two questions are always in my mind and the words said by Linus help me cleaify that. 
He said , I am not a person who has greatest sight, I am just the one who want to kick the stone in front of me.
