1. China is deliberately separating Muslim children from families.
- We need to separate this segment from mainline as a individual module.

1. I am sure he says these things deliberately.
- I think you do these things deliberately.

2. Heavy rains in Japan cause landslides and floods.
- You behavior will cause enormous losses.

3. California is hit by biggest earthquake in 20 years.
- I am hit by the stone.

4. Australian are released from North Korean detention.
- I don't know how long I will be released from economic detention.

5. UK warns China not to repress protester.
- We can not repress creative ideas if we want to improve ourself.

6. I'll stop breastfeeding when my boy wants to stop.

7. Bookmaker William Hill has said it plans to close about 700 betting shops which could lead to 4,500 job losses.

8. Overuse of mobiles by university students may have be related to lower grades, driinking problems and more sexual partners, a study says.

9. Samsung is being sued by Australia's consumer watchdog for allegedly making misleading claims about the water-resistant properties of its phones.

10. The tool estimates that Bitcoin is using around seven gigawatts of electricity, equal to 0.21% of the world's supply.

11. In 1980 a baby girl was given up for adoption for being the wrong colour.

12. She had no conscious memories of it.

13. She had left Johannesburg as a seven-week-old infant, to be deposited by her biological mother in England.

14. Mr Trump also said it was hard to read the teleprompter in the rain.

15. A US hospital switched off life support for a patient after the wrong family gave its consent.

16. Wrong family takes brother off life support.

17. The Trump administration will continue to pursue a way of adding a citizenship question to the census.

18. Why young people have suffered the most from Greece's economic collapse.

19. I am 28, and I am dependent on my mother again.

20. She hasn't been able to find work of any kind for 3 year now.

21. I need to find myself again.

22. It's funny. I find it hilarious.

23. Do you believe politicians can make life better for young people in Greece?

24. I'm still hoping that it's the right decision to stay here.

25. If I can't find a job here, what's my purpose here?

26. Indonesia's top court has reject an appeal by a woman who was sentenced to six months in prison for recording and sharing a phone conversation she had with her boss to prove that he was sexually harassing her.

27. Four tigers have mauled their trainer to death during a rehearsal at a circus in southern Italy.

28. For two years I wasn't paid.

29. Greek entrepreneurs Dimitris Kokkinakis and Sophie Lamprou faced an uphill struggle when they set up their business in 2013.

30. It was a very big shock, not just for us, but for everybody in Greece.

31. 
