[2]
到公司後, 一開始會做哪些事?
(What things I do when I work at the beginning?)

我到公司後, 一開始會訂午餐, 但因為最近都沒有什麼新的店家,
再加上中午時間需要讀英文, 所以這一個禮拜都沒有訂午餐.
都是在中午時間先跑到公司外面讀英文, 然後再去附近吃午餐.
吃完大概都是在一點左右, 這時候就回公司漱口, 睡個午覺.
睡起來後就繼續下午的工作, 大概晚上6點或7點下班回家.

I usually order the lunch by company's booking system at first when I arrive in the company.
But I didn't order the lunch on this weekdays because there is no new store in the booking system,
and I need to study English at noon time.
I study English at noon time first, and then I eat lunch in the store near my company.
It's about one o'clock when I finish my lunch.
And then I go back to the company, having a gargle, and taking a nap until 1:30.
Continuing the work after I wake up in the afternoon, and go home about six or seven o'clock if
there is nothing that I was assigned.


[1]
I need to commute between Nangang and Banqiao.
I usually go to work by "High Speed Rail", and get off work by train.
(i need to commute between Nangang and Banqiao, going to work by "High Speed Rail" and getting off work by train.)
I sometimes take the MRT if I miss the train.
But I don't like to take MRT because it need to spend more time and commuting expenses.
I want to talk about now is English.
I study English in order to improve my career development.
But my English ability isn't exploded into what I had expected altough I had spent a lot of time to study it.
I still can't undertand when I listen the video without subtitles, and express what I think exactly by English.
I know "Rome was not built in a day". What I want to know is that is this a right direction or wrong direction.
I think a lot about that, and the conclusion is that it might be able to help me and it need time to see the result.
So I want to say to myself: Keep going, this is the only thing what what I can do

-------------------------------------------------------------
[1]
我現在幾乎每天都在讀英文, 所以我在坐火車時, 也都盡量利用這些時間來讀英文.
但即便花了這麼多時間在讀, 有時還是覺得英文能力似乎沒有多大提升.
因為我還是都聽不太懂, 講也還是不太會講.
也許很多事情並不能夠一步登天, 但很多時候還是會想...
這樣做是不是正確的方向? 再繼續下去真的會有用嗎?
我想應該是會的吧, 因為其實我讀的也還不算多(30堂課),
再繼續讀下去吧, 這是我現在唯一可以做的事.

I usually go to work by "High Speed Rail", and get off work by train.
I take the MRT sometimes if I can not find the proper train number.
Although I spend a lot of time to study English, even by taking the train,
but my English ability isn't improved as much as I expected.
I still cannot understand when listening the video, and I cannot express what I think exactly by English.
I know "Rome was not built in a day", but what I don't know is that is it a right direction or is it useful to continue?
I think it should be right. My ability should be improved if I study more classes.
Just move on, this is the only thing that what I can do.

* go to work
* get off work
* take the tain

