
[4]

- little league baseball.
- It made Taiwan a world power.
- enterprising spirit.

My famous tuna salad.
Mac and cheese with bacon bits.
Stinky tofu.
That's exotic.
How is it fuller than before?
Aren't you trying some?
(Aren't you gonna try some?)
Oh, no.
But I admire you for making it.
It's that enterprising spirit that made Taiwan a world power in little league baseball.
I read documentary about China culture.
(I watched documentary about China in collage.)
You guys, I am so excited for this year block party.
(I am so excited for this year's block party.)


[3]
They were jerk, but remember, This was 1995, before the internet.
I couldn't just search the engine "Asian kids like hit-hop".
I had to figure out a way to fit in or be struct eating lunch with janitor and his kite.
I am just saying, don't call it a seasonal fruit salad if it's nothing but melons.

[2]
That's me, your boy Eddie Huang, still straight struggling to fit in at my new school.
Dude, are those nurse's shoes.
Yeah, they are your mom's.
My mom does happen to be a nurse and she helps sick people get better.
Can't wait to tell everybody that the new Chinese kid wears nurse's shoes.
Walter's not wearing Jordan, either.
He doesn't need to, He is black, That's like built-in Jordans.
The school is ridiculous.

[1]
Orlando, 1995, just as glamorous as it sounds.
My dad moved our family there from D.C. so he could open his own restaurant.
But business wasn't going quite the way he planned.
He planned to have customers and he didn't.
Mom was worried, too. About money and about fitting in with the neighborhood women.
So "Melrose place" is about the prostitutes who are mad at each other.
Yeah.
The one person who never seemed to worry was my young brother Emery, 
He blended in like a chameleon.
My favorite moive is "Gremlins".
And Grandma and Evan were just hanging out, squishing bugs.


--------------------------------------------------
[5]
- tuna, 金槍魚
-- My famous tuna salad.

- Macaroni這個字指的是義大利麵裡的彎管麵
- bit,  小片
-- Mac and cheese with bacon bits.

- Stinky tofu,  臭豆腐

- exotic, 異國情調的
-- That's exotic.
-- I was expected something a lttle more exotic.

- How is this Fuller than before?
-- This is fuller than before.

- enterprising spirit, 進取心
- make Taiwan a world power, 讓台灣有世界級的力量
- little league baseball.
-- league, 聯盟
--- Several nations formed a defense league.
- documentary, 記錄影片

- block party, 街區聚會
-- I am so excited for this year's block party.

My famous tuna salad.
Mac and cheese with bacon bits.
Stinky tofu.
That's exotic.
How is this Fuller than before?
Aren't you gonna try some?
Oh, no.
I admire you are making it.
(But I admire you for making it.)
It's that enterprising spirit that made Taiwan  a world power in little league baseball.
I watched a documentary about China in college.
You guys, I am so excited for this year's block party.
I am so excited about our karaoke number.
What is the party for?
The Daytona 500.


[4]
They were jerks, but remember, this was 1995, before the internet.
I couldn't search the engine "Asian kids who like hit-hop."
(I couldn't just search the engine)
I had to firgure out a way to fit in or be struct eating lunch with janitor and his kite.
I'm just saying, don't call it a seasonal fruit salad if it's nothing but melons.

[3]
Thar's me, your boy Eddie Huang, still straight struggling to fit in at my new school.
Dude, are those nurse's shoes.
Yeah, they are your mom's.
My mom does happen to be a nurse, and she helps sick people get better.
Can't wait to tell people that the new Chinese kid wears nurse's shoes.
Walter isn't wearing Jordan, either.
He doesn't need it, He is black, that like built-in Jordan.
(That's like built-in Jordans.)
This school is ridiculous.

[2]
Orlando, 1995, just as glamorous as it sounds.
My dad moved our family there from D.C, so he could open his own restaurant.
But business wasn't going quite the way he planned.
He planed to have customer and he didn't.
Mom was worried, too.
About money and about fitting in with the neighborhood women.
So "Melrose place" is about postitutes who are mad at each other.
The one person who never seemded to worry was my younger brother Emery
He blended in like a chameleon.
My favorite movie is "Gremlins".
And grandma and Evan were just hanging our, squishing bugs.

[1]
And then an alligator sticker plus a cloud sticker equals an alligator with sunglasses sticker.
Unless the cloud is a rain cloud, in which case it reverses back to a bear and a hat.
Unless a bear's hat is black, which indicates a very high level effort.
Which is than rewarded by a plus/minus participate with a rainbow of which there are three intensity hues.
What's your mom say?
She gave you an alligator sunglasses sticker.

--------------------------------------------------

[5]
- jerk, (a stupid person)
-- They were jerks.
-- You stupid jerk, You've just spilled beer all down.

- be stuck with sb/sth, 擺脫不了，甩不掉
-- We were stuck with him for the entire journey.
-- or I will be stuck with the janitor.
-- or I will be stuck eating lunch with the janitor.

- melon, 甜瓜
- If it's nothing but melons
(若只有melons)
- I am just saying, 我只是隨便說說
-- I am just saying, just call it a seasonal fruit salad if it's nothing but melons.

They were jerks, but remember, this was 1995, before the internet.
I couldn't just search "Asian kids who like hip-hop."
I had to figure out a way to fit in, or be stuck eating lunch with the janitor and his kite.
I'm just saying, don't call it a seasonal fruit salad if it's nothing but melons.


[4]
That's me, your boy Eddie Huang, is still straight struggling at my new school.
(I am still straight struggling to fit in at my new school.)
Dude, are those nurse shoes?
Yeah, they're your mom's.
My mom does happen to be a nurse, and she help sick people get better.
(She helps sick people get better.)
Can't wait to tell everybody that new Chinese kid wears nurse's shoes.
(the new Chinese kid wears nurse's shoes.)
Walter doesn't wear Jordan, either.
(Walter isn't wearing Jordan, either.)
He doesn't need to, he is black, just like built-in Jordans.
(That's like built-in Jordans.)
This school is ridiculous.

[3]
- mad, (adjective), very angry
-- Are you still mad at me?
-- This is about prostitutes who are mad at each other.

- Gremlins, 小精靈
-- We must have a gremlin in the engine -- it isn't working yet.
-- My favorite movie is "Gremlins".


Orlando, 1995, just as glamorous as it sounded.
(just as glamorous as it sounds.)
My dad moved our family there from D.C. , so he can open his own restaurant.
(so he could open his own restaurant.)
the business wasn't going quite the way he planned.
He planned to have customers and he didn't.
My mom was worried, too. About money and about fitting in with the neighborhood women.
So "Melrose place" is about prostitutes who mad at each other.
(Thar is about prostitutes who are mad at each other.)
The one person who never seemed to worry is my younger brother Emery.
He blended in like a cameleon.
(He blended in like a chameleon.)
My favorite move is "Germlins".
(My favorite movie is "Gremlins")
And grandma and Evan were just hanging out, squishing bugs.

[2]
- be rewarded by
-- It is rewarded by a plus/minus participate with a rainbow.

And then an alligator sticker plus a cloud sticker equals an alligator with sunglasses sticker.
Unless a cloud sticker is a rain cloud, in which case it is reversed back to a bear and a hat.
(it reverse back to a bear and a hat.)
Unless a bear's bat is black which indicates a very high level of effort.
Which is than rewarded by a plus/minus participate with a rainbow of which there are three intensity hues.
What's your mom say?
She gave you an alligator sunglasses sticker.
And to you.

[1]
Mom said that we can play.
Nobody block my shots.
come on, come on.
Eddie pass.
Is that your dad?
Yeah.
Seems like a cool guy.
You want to play?
Well, I was just gonna flip through sports games on TV and look for my dad in the crowds.
But I guess I can wait.
Yeah come on.
It was how it was in my family, we didn't do sappy "I love yous". We didn't have to, we showed it.
Look like we will be going for academic scholarships.

-------------------------------------
[5]
- straight struggling, 直接的鬥爭 (明爭 or 暗鬥)
-- struggle to, 奮鬥，努力，拼搏
--- I've been struggling to understand this article.
--- I still struggle to fit in at my new school.
--- I still straight struggle to fit in at my new school

- My mom does happen to be a nurse.
-- happen to be, 偶然，碰巧
--- My mom does happen to be a nurse.
--- They happened to look in the right place.

- built-in, 內嵌的
-- That's like built-in Jordans.
-- All the rooms have built-in cupboards.

That's me, your boy Eddie Huang, still straight struggling to fit in at my new school.
Dude, are those nurse's shoes?
Yeah, they're your mom's.
My mom does happen to be a nurse, and she helps sick people get better.
Can't wait to tell everybody the new Chinese kid wears nurse's shoes.
Walter's not wearing Jordans, either.
He doesn't need to ..., he's black, that's like built-in Jordans.
The school is ridiculous.

[4]
- glamorous, 富有魅力的
Orlando, 1995, Just as glamorous as it sounds.
My dad was move our family there from D.C.
(So he can open his own restaurant.)
But business was not going quite well as he planned.
(but business was not going quite the way as he planned.)
He planed .. and he didn't.
(He planed to have customers and he didn't.)
Mom was worry too, about money and fitting in the neighborhood women.
(Mom was worried, too)
(about money and about fitting in with the neighborhood women.)
So "Melrose place" is about ... are mad at each other.
(That is about prostitutes who are mad at each other.)
The one person who never seems to worry is my younger brother, Emery.
(The one person who never seemed to worry was my younger brother, Emery.)
He blended in like a ...
(He blended in like a chameleon)
My favorite movie is ...
(My favorite moive is Gremlins.)
And grandma and Evan are just hanging out, squishing the bugs.
(squishing bugs.)

[3]
- reward 
-- This company rewarded him for his years of service with several presents.
-- Which is than rewarded by a plus/minus participate with a rainbow of which there are three intensity hues.

An alligator sticker plus cloud sticker equals alligator with sunglasses sticker.
Unless a cloud sticker is rain cloud, in which case it reverse back to a bear and a hat.
Unless a bear's hat is black which indicates a very high level of effort.
Which is than rewarded by a plus/minus partialate rainbow which indicates 
intensity hues.
(Which is than rewarded by a plus/minus participate with a rainbow of which there are three intensity hues.)
What's your mom say?
She gave you an alligator sunglasses.
And to you.

[2]
Mom said that we can play.
Nobody block my shots.
Come on, come on.
Eddie pass.
Is that your dad?
Yeah.
Seems like a cool guy.
You want to play.
Well, I am just gonna flip through sports games on TV and look for my dad in the crowds.
(I was just gonna flip through sports games on TV.)
But I guess I can wait.
Yeah.come on.
It was how it was in my family.
We didn't say sappy "I love yours", we just showed it.
(We didn't do sappy "I love yours", we didn't have to)
Look like we will be going for academic scholarships.

[1]
I missed all the fun.
Well, you know most moms don't care about their kids to tutor them for two hours a day.
It was three hours.
Three hours, my god.
Look, I am not gonna lie, your mom is tough.
She is not gonna let up on you or any of us, it's because she cares.
Yeah.
You think you can beat your old man?
Dad, you serve people all day.
You ready to get served?
Wait, I almost forgot, That felt good.
Bring it, bring it.
---------------------------------
[5]
- glamorous, 令人嚮往的

- quite, 完全地
- go the way.
-- the business wasn't going quite the way he planned.

- plan, 計劃
-- I am not planning to stay here much long.
-- He planned to have customers.

- fit in with, 適應, 合適
-- The sofa doesn't fit in with the rest of the room.
-- She is worry about fitting in with the neighborhood women.

- mad, 對...生氣
-- He mad at us.
-- "Melrose place" is about prostitues who are mad at each other.

- each other, ph.彼此, 互相
-- They saw each other every day.
-- That is about prostitues who are mad at each other.

- seem, look, appear＋形容詞
-- He seems clever.

- seem to, 感到好像
- seem, appear＋ to ＋ 動詞，表示在這之前就發生的狀況、動作
-- I seem to hear someone knocking at the door.
-- He seems to worry about the money.

- It seems like\\It looks like…＋整句話的敘述
-- It seems like they won't accept our proposition.

- blend in/blend into sth, 融入；混入
-- We tried to blend into the crowd.
-- He blended in like a 

- like, (like-->preposition), 像；與…相似，與…近似
-- He looks like his brother.
-- He blends in like a chameleon.
介系詞（Preposition）置於名詞或代名詞之前，用於表示該名詞或代名詞與句中其他詞的「關係」，在句中扮演「形容詞片語」或「副詞片語」的角色。

- chameleon, 變形龍
- hang out, （與某人）廝混
(to spend a lot of time in a place or with someone)
-- Grandma and Evan were just hanging out.

- squishing, 壓扁，擠扁
-- squishing bugs.
-- you'll squish the sandwiches.

Orlando, 1995.
My dad move our family here from D.C.
(Just as glamorous as it sounds)
(My dad move our family there from D.C.)
So he could open his own restaurant.
(But business wasn't going quite the way he planned.)
(He planned to have customers, and he didn't)
Mom is worry, too.
About money and ... neighborhood woman.
(Mom was worry, too. About money and about fitting in with the neighborhood women.)
(So, "Melrose place" is about prostitues who are mad at each other.)
The one person who never seems worry is my younger brother, Emery.
(The one person who never seemed to worry was my younger brother Emery.)
He blended in like a chameleon.
(My favorite movie is "Gremlins.")
And grandma and Evan were just hanging out, squishing bugs.
