

Hi Jass, could you put me through to Marica in HR, please.
Hi Marica, this is Philip.
Listen, I had to let Brian go, he lost us the DollarMart accout.
it had been going on for a while, he just wasn't pulling his weight anymore.
He'd been warned, his last performance review was really bad, he knew it was coming.
So we will be looking for someone new, and we need to decode who that is.

Come on, Brian, you failed to meet the agreed target for the entire last quarter.
We talked about this at your last performance review.
And I told you then it had to improve.
But to be quite honest, it hasn't
Losing the DollarMart contract is the last straw.
I am sorry, Brian, this is your last chance.
I am going to have to let you go.
Yes, let you go, that is what it means, you're fired.

--------------------------------------------------------------
I want somebody with proven track record.
(I want somebody with a proven track record.)
They have to be an team player, Brian never was.
So strong interpersonal skills.
And I want someone with vision, I know it is difficult to define.
What I mean is somebody who knows we are in a rapidly changing market and he can use it to our advantage.
Experience with online sales? Perhaps... but yes, I would be interested in that.

Who are we looking for? (Good question)
I was hoping that you might be able to help me with that.
Here's what I'm thinking, let me know if you agree.
They need to have a first degree, doesn't matter what subject.
Then masters or an MBA, I'd say.
Experience? at least five years relevant experience in an international company.

Hi Jass, Can you put me through to Marcia in HR, please.
Hi Marcia, this is Philip.
Listen, I had let Brian go, he lost us the Dollar account.
(Listen, I have to let Brian go)
He'd been going on for a while, he just wasn't pulling his weight anymore.
(It had been going on for a while)
He'd been warned, his last performance review is really bad, he knew that it was coming.
                 (his last performance review was really bad)
So we will be looking for someone new, and we'll need to decide who that is.

Come on, you failed to meet your agreed target for the entire last quarter.
We talked about this at your last performance review.
And I told you then it had to improve.
But to be quite honest, it hasn't.
This is your last chance.
Losing the DollarMart contract is the last straw.
I am going to have to let you go.
Yes, let you go, Brian, that is what it means, you're fired.

What? What do you mean?
You've lost the DollarMart contract?
This is our biggest contract and you've lost it?
Come on, Brian, tell me you're joking.
Yes, I know you've had some personal problems recently.
Yes, I know our competitors have improved their offer.
But, Brian, really, these are just excuses.

---------------------------------------------------------------------
What? (What do you mean?)
You(you've) lost the DollarMart contract?

Come on, Brian, tell me you're joking.
This is our biggest contract and you(you've) lost it?
Yes, I know you've had some personal problem recently.
Yes, I know our competitors have improved their offer.
But, Brian, these are just excuses.

You fail(failed) to meet agreed target(targets) for the entire last quarter.
We talked about this at your last performance review.
And I told you then it had to imporve.
To be quite honest, it hasn't.
Losing the DollarMart contract is the last straw.
That is your last chance.
I am going to have to let you go.
Yes, let you go. 
This is what it means, you're fired.

Hi, Jass, could you put me through _(to)  Marcia (in HR), please.
Hi, Marcia, this(it) is Philip (here).
Listen, I have to let Brian go.
He lost us the DollarMart account.
He had goint on for a while.
(It had been going on for a whlie)
He just wasn't put(pulling) his weight anymore.
He had been warned.
His last performance review was really bad.
He knew it was coming.

So, we are going to looking for someone new, and
(We'll be looking for someone new.)
we need to decide who that is.
Who are we looking for?
Good question, I was hoping that you might be able to help me with that.
Listen, here is what I'm thinking.
Let me know if you agree.
Obviously, they need to have the(a) first degree,
doesn't matter what subject, and then a Master(masters) or an MBA, I would say.
Experience? as least five years relevant experience in (an) international company.
I want someone with proven trace record.
(I want someone with a proven track record)

---------------------------------------------------
What do you mean?
You lost the DollarMart contract?
Oh, Brian, tell me you're joking.
That is our biggest contract and you've lost it.
Yes, I know you've had some personal problem recently.
Yes, I know our competitors have improved their offer.
But, really, Brian, these are just excuses.

You failed to meet agreed target through the entire last quarter.
We talked about this at your last performance review and I told you then that had to improve.
and to be quiet honest, it hasn't.
Losing the DollarMart contract is the last straw.
I am sorry, Brian, that's your last chance.
I am going to have to let you go.
Let you go, yes, that what it means, you are fired.

Hi Jess, can you put me through to Marcia in HR, please.
Hi Marcia, it is Philip, Listen, I have to let Brian go.
He lost us the DollarMart account.
Yes, I know, but it had been going on for a while.
He just wasn't pulling his weight anymore.
He'd been warned, his last performance review is really bad, he knew it was coming.
So we'll be looking for someone new,and we'll need to decide on who that is.

















-------------------------------------------

What? What do you mean?
You've lost the DollarMart contract?
On common, tell me you are joking.
This our biggest contract and you've lost it.
Yes, I know you've had some personal problem recently.
Yes, I know our competitors have improved their offer.
But, really, Brian, These are just excuses.

You failed to meet agreed targets for the entired last quarter.
We talked about this at your last performance review,
and I told you then it had to improve.
(and then I told you it had to improve)
and in the quiet honest, it hasn't.
Losing DollarMart contract is the last straw, that's your last chance.
(the final straw)
I'm going to have to let you go.
Yes, let you go, that's what it means, you are fired.

------------------
What? What do you mean?
Oh common, Brian, tell me you're joking.
you've lost the DollarMart contract?
This is our biggest contract and you've lost it.
Yes, I know you've had personal problem recently.
Yes, I konw out competitors have improved their offer.
But, really, Brian, These are just excuses.


