[5]
I would say we do the standard interview format.
A few general questions, then onto specific questions.
(A few qgeneral questions, then onto specifics.)
Yes, exactly, and I want to know the details when they solve specific problems.
(Yes, exactly, I want to hear specific details when they've solved problems.)
And something about "vision", as you put in.
(as you put it --> 就像你說的那樣 (as you say?))
(And then something about "vision", as you put it.)
How do you think a brief presentation?
(What do you think a brief presentation?)
I think that's good, we can ask them to give a short presentation 
(I think that's good ideal, we could ask them to give a short presentation on where they see the company going, 
how they see themselves taking us there.)
(這裡的going, taking因為接在see的後面所以+ing, )
(see, hear, watch都是感官動詞, 我們可以說:
I see him drink Coffee.(我看到他喝咖啡--> 整個過程)
or I see him drinking Coffee.(我看到他正在喝咖啡 -->部分過程)
)
Great, you know something, I am really looking forward to that.
(I am really looking forward to this.)

[4]
So we'll interview all of them?
(And we'll interview all of them?)
I think we should be, but obviously I will let you have a look first.
(I think we should, )
Great, so who have we got then?
I think we have got some pretty strong candidates, two in particular.
They have right kind of profile?
I would certainly say so, strong educational background, multinational sales experience, language skills...
                                                       (experience in multinational sales)
Good, I look forward to meeting them.
I would say we do the standard interview format.

[3]
So how many applications did we get, Marcia?
Well, overall we get over two hundred.
That many.
Yes, but most of which we can discard right away.
People who don't have right experience, qualifications, that kind of thing.
And we also get people sent 10 pages longs CVs, and CVs in comicbook font, you know that kind of thing.
(And we get the people who submits 10 pages longs CVs, or CVs ...)
So I whittled down the serious candidates to a short list of twelve people.

[2]
Language skill, I can't emphasis that enough.
Not necessary a native speaker, but they must be very good at English.
and second language as well, Spanish, Mardian is best.
Great, can you get an ad out on the website as soon as possible, and trade press as well.
(and the trade press as well)
Thanks, Marcia. I want a new sales director by the end of month.

[1]
And they have to be teamplayer, Brian never was.
(They have to be a teamplayer.)
Strong interpersonal skills.
(So strong interpersional skills)
And I want someone with vision, vision, I know it's difficult to define.
But what I mean is someone who knows we are in a rapidly changing market, and they can use it to our advantage.
(and he can use it to our advantage.)
Experience in online sales? Perhaps,.. but yes, I would be interested in that.
(Experience with onlines sales)
-----------------------------------------------------

[5]
Do we need to interview all of them?
(And we'll interview all of them?)
I think we should be, but I will let you have a look first.
(I think we should, but obviously I'll let you have a look first.)
What kind of people do we get?
(Great, so who have we got then?)
We get some strong applications, two in particular.
(Well, I think we've got some pretty strong candidates, two in particular.)
They have the right kind of profile?
I would say yes, strong educational background, language skill, multinational sales,...
(I would certainly say so -- a strong educational background, experience in multinatinoal sales, language skills...)
I look forward to meet them.
(Good, I look forward to meeting them)
look forward to 是片語動詞, 所以這三個字就代表一個動詞, 後面要接名詞(受詞), 所以要用動名詞--> meeting
I would say we do the standard interview format.
(So I would say we do the standard interview format == So I would say the standard interview format that we do)


[4]
So how many applications did we get, Marcia?
Well, overall we have got over two hundred.
That many?
Yes, most of which we can discard right away, people who don't have right experience, qualifications that kind of thing.
And we also receive some people send 10 pages long CVs, and CVs in comicbook font , you know that kind of thing.
(And then we get the people who submit 10 pages long CVS, or CVS in comicbook font..)
So I whittled down from serious candidates to a short list of twelve people.
(So I whittled down the serious candidates to a short list of twelve people.)

[3]
Language skill, I can't emphasise that enough.
Not necessary a native speaker, but they must be very good at English, and another language as well.
Spanish, Mardian is best.
Great, can you get the ad out on the website as soon as possible, and the trade press as well.
(Can you get a ad out on the website as soon as possible?)
Thanks, Marica, I want to have the new sales director by the end of the month.
(I want a new sales director by the end of the month.)


[2]
They have to be a team player, Brian never was.
So strong interpersonal skills.
And I want someone with vision, vision, I know it's difficult to define.
But what I mean is : Someone who knows we are in a rapidly changing market, and he can use it to our advantage.
Experience with online sales? Perhaps...but yes, I would be interested in that.

[1]
Who are we looking for?
Good question, I was hoping that you might be able to help me with that.
Here's what I'm thinking, let me know if you agree.
Obviously, they need to have a first degree, doesn't matter what subject, then masters or an MBA, I would say.
Experience? At least five years relevant experience in an international company.
And I want someone with a proven track record.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
So Marica, how many applications did we get?
(So how many applications did we get, Marcia?)
Overall, we get over two hundreds.
(Well, overall we've got over two hundred)
That many?
Yes, but most of which we can discard right away, people who do not have right experience or qualification, that kind of things.
(people who do not have right experience, qualifications that kind of thing...)
And we also receive CVs with ten pages long, and cv in comicbook font.
(And then we get the people who submits ten-pages long CVs, or CVs in comicbook font, you know the kind of thing.)
So I whittled down serious candicates to a short list of twelve people.
(So I whittled down the serious candidates to a short list of twelve people.)

Language skill, I can't emphasize that enough, not necessary a native speaker, but they must be very good at English.
(I can't emphasise that enough, )
And another language as well, Spanish, Mardian is best.
Great, can you put the ad on the website as soon as possible, and trade press as well.
(Can you get an ad out on the website as soon as possible, and the trade press as well.)
I want my new sales director by the end of this month, thanks.
(I want a new sales director by the end of the month.)


They have to be a teamplayer, Brian never was.
So strong interpersonal skills.
And I want someone with vision.
Yes, vision, I know it's difficult to define.
What I mean is someone who knows we are in a rapidly changing market and they can use it to our advantage.
Experience with online sales? Perhaps...but yes, I would be interesting in that.
(I would be interested in that)

Who are we looking for?
Good question! I was hoping that you might be able to help me with that.
Here's what I'm thinking, let me know if you agree.
Obviously, they need to have a first degree, doesn't matter what subject.
Then masters or an MBA, I would say.
Experience? at least five years experience in an international company.
And I want someone with a proven track record.

Hi Jass, could you put me through to Marica in HR, please.
Hi Marica, this is Philip here.
Listen, I have to let Brian go, he lost us the DollarMart account.
It had been going on for a while, he just wasn't pulling his weight anymore.
He'd been warned, his last performance review was really bad, he knew it was coming.
So we'll be looking for someone new, and we need to decide who that is.
(and we'll need to decide who that is)
