[4]

It was founded in the Havard domoity in 2004 by Mark Zuckberg, a computer programming prodigy.
(It was founded in a Harvard dorm room in 2004 by Mark Zuckberg, a computer-programming prodigy.)

It's like the real people at the end of the connection.
And before facebook, there is nothing like that where you can do that.
(It's like there were real people on the end of the connection, and before facebook, there was nothing like that where you could do that.)

His inspiration was believed to come from the university's student directory, the photo address book, which called "the face book."
(His inspiration is believed to have come from a university student directory -- the photo address book, which students refer to as "the face book")
Even from very early on, we was building the same thing for one school, there is a concept which turned into, we just didn't sure that we are the one who did it.
(Even from very early on, when we were just building this thing for one school, there was this concept of what it could turn into; we just weren't sure then what we would be the ones who did it.)
But exactly who has the ownership of the idea has prompted to many lawsuits.
(But exactly who has ownership of the idea has prompted many lawsuits.)

[3]
At face value, it's an internet site which allows friends and colleagues to stay in touch.
But in business term, facebook is so much more.
The social networking site has more than 900 million users and last year it generated revenue of 3.7 billion dollars.
Most of that comes from advertising.
However, its online advertising business has slowed recently, which worries investors, but the company is struggling to make money from its fastest growth sector, those users who access the site from mobile devices.
And General Motors has annouranced that it's planing to stop advertising on Facebook, because it can't see the value for money.
Yet the company has still proved irresisted to many investors.

[2]
And Number One : Ability to use skills and abilities.
Above and beyond anything else, employees wanna feel useful and able to utilize their abilities.
Sixty-three percent say this is a key to their satisfaction.
with the economy on a gradual upswing, job security is taking a back seat to workers' need to contribute in constructive ways.
People who join your company want to help you achieve your vision.
Nature and encourage their strengths and talents.
Let them shine and there will be plenty of honey to go around.

[1]

-------------------------
[4]
At face value, it's an internet site that allows friends and colleagues to stay in touch.
But in business term, facebook is so much more.
The social network site has more than 900 million users and last year it generated revenue of 3.7 billion dollars.
Most of that comes from advertising.
However, its online advertising business has slowed recently, which worried to many investors, 
while the company is struggling to make money from its fastest growth sector, those users who access the site from mobile devices.
And General Motos is planning to stop the advertising on facebook, because it can't see the value for money.
Yet the company has still proven irresible to many investors.

[3]
And number one: Ability to use skills and abilities.
Above and beyond anything else, employees want to feel useful and utilize their skills.
People who join your company want to help you achieve your vision.
Nature and encourage their strengths and talents.
Let them shine and there'll be planty of honey to go around.

[2]
Number three : Compensation.
Number three here should come as no surprise.
After all, most of us aren't waking up extra early, commuting, and spending all day in the office out of charity.
And while sixty percent say this is a vital part to their satisfaction, only 58 percent say they're happy with their compensation.
If your business can afford it, paying employees good wages is an effective way of investing into your company's future.
Nomber two : Job security.
Ofcourse, what good is compensation if you don't know how long you'll be employed in the fitst place.
Job security was rated as number one factor to employee satisfaction in the five previous studies since 2002, so its relegation to number two is actually an optimism in the job market.


