
[3]
To persuade customer that their product is good, advertisers use techniques like weasel claim.
(To persuade the customer that their product is superior, advertisers use techniques like the weasel claim.)
It's vague and ambigous, 
(It's vague and ambiguous but sounds true enough that customers believe the claim.)
The unfinished claim argus that the product is better or has more of something but does not finish the comparison.
(The unfinished claim which argues that )
The endorsement and testmo... where a celebrity and authority claim to use the product when they often don't.
(The endorsement and testimonial, where a celebrity and authority claims to use the product when they often don't)
In 70s', Miller Lite commericials featured sport legands and celebrities, and their beer sales increased from 7 million barrels to 31 million.
(In '70s, Miller Lite commercials featured sports legands and celebrities, )
(And the rhetorical question, which demands a response in such a way that validates the product's merits.)
(After the launch of "got milk?", sales of milk in Califormia rose seven percent in just one year.)
So what do you think?
Got brainwashed?



[1]
Does advertising really work?
U.S companies spend around 170 billion dollars on advertising yearly, so they seem to think it does.
Successful advertising uses a variety of ticks and techniques to influence the consumer.
They evoke positive memories and emotions that affect our behavior over time, and prompt us to buy something at a later date.
Marketing needs to reach the subconscious level of brain in order for it to work.
(Marketing needs to reach the subconscious levels of the brain in order for it to work.)
People don't like to think that they're easily influenced.
Humans instinctively look at something that someone else is also looking at, so ads often include a model looking right at the main target or message.
It's best to use happy face in ads, because we have mirror nerons that prompt us to mimic the expression we are looking at.
(It's best to use happy faces in ads, because we have mirror neurons that prompt us to mimic the expression of the person we are looking at.)

