The things need to be aware of : Create a home inventory to make it easier to keep track of your stuff and what it's worth.
Also, you may need separate converage for high-value objects.
Liability covers harm to others that happens in your house, like falls and other accidents.
There things that can increase your liabiliry risks, like tramplines, pools, and aggressive pet.
(There are things)                                        (trampolines)
You are also covered for additional expenses.
(You are also covered for additional living expenses)
The cost are associated with living away from your home if it is ...
(This covers the costs associated with...)              (if it is damaged by an insured diasater and you can't live in it.)


The homeowner policies cover three basic areas:structure, belongings, and liability.
(Homeowners' policies cover three basic areas..)
The structure is the house:it's(its) roof, walls, systems, or freestanding building on the property.
(Structure is your house:)                                 (a garage or other freestanding building on your property)  
It's covered against damage of the diaster, such as fire, hail, wind damages, float objects, busted pipes, and other events.
(This is covered against damage due to disaster, )               (wind damage, falling objects, burst pipes)              
Things need to be aware of:Some types are covered in water damages, you will need separate policy for flooding and earthquakes.
                          (Some types of water damage are covered)
Some things are never covered, like damages(damage) from termites and other pests.
Belongings, your stuff against loss of(due to) an insured event or theft.
           (your stuff is covered against loss due to)
You're also covered offsite, for loss of property whenever you are.


It's a house.
(This is a house)
It's like a lot of houses but with one big difference.
It's your house.
It's where you hang your hat, open your mail, host cookouts, but most important, it's the place where you have everything and everyone that means the most.
Protecting what matters most is what insurance is about.
If you're a homeowner, you know how it works.
But what about insurance? Do you know how it works?
Do you know how to get the type of coverage that best fits your needs and budget, the what and how of insuring your home.

