Today, we are going to talk about what to watch out for when renting house in a foreign country.
If you are a student planning on studying aborad, finding a place to live is one of the first things you will need to do.
Although some schools offer domotory , most students choose their own accomendation due to increasing cost in school hosing.
Therefore, I will share with you a few tips.
First, let's look at budget.
If you are on a loosely budget, renting your own flat is probably the best option.
While those on a tighter budget, can consider looking for shared housing.


Shared housing is cheaper, but requires you to live with other housemates.
Once you decide on a budget, we can move on to the next step. 
Research your neighborhood.
Is the unit close to any bus stops or major subway lines?
How long would the commute be from your place to school.
Living close to the campus can cost more but saves your precious time and commuting expanses in the end.
So, it's important to take these things into accout when deciding on a budget, and find a balance.

Next, when living on your own, you will eventully find that cooking at home is much cheaper and more convenient than eating out.
Therefore, it's best to make sure that your unit comes with a full kitchen and that there is a supermarket close to where you live, or even better, a local store sell goods from your home country.
As an international student living away from home,
these places can be helpful whenever you are feeling a bit homesick.
Also, don't forget about safety.
Living away from home in a foreign country can be a bit scary and danguous at times.

Make sure that the neighborhood is safer and well lit at night.
It you're not sure which neighborhoods are safer, you can always ask for help from student union and student service center at your school.
Once you finally find the perfect place, what you'll need to do next is check with the landlord on what kind of furniture is provided.
This includes everything from bed, closet, desk, TV and so on.
Also, make sure to report any damages as soon as you move in.
If you have any special needs, you can also ask the landlord to see whether he or she is willing to help you out.

Lastly, it's important to make sure who your future housemate will be.
Living with other people with different country will be a challenanging yet fascinating experience.
Not only will it give you the opportunity to learn about other cultures but you can also make new friends along the way.
Now that we've covered all of the points methioned above, it's time to sign the lease.
Make sure you go through all the details in the lease.
And don't forget to find out how much the deposit is and when and how you gonna pay the rent each month.
Make sure that everything is written down in ink, and that the landlord has answered you all of the questions.
Once you have everyting settled, you can finally begin to enjoy life in your new country.


