
So it's certainly important to have a strong resume and a cover letter.
But it's important to remember that the number one job search strategy is networking,
you don't want to have an entirely "reactive job search", 
just reacting to jobs that are posted on internet job board, for example.
The problem is you don't know them, they don't know you, your odds of being called in are probably slim.
So I highly encourage you to implement networking, to conduct a series of informational meeting,
so in fact they're meeting you first, and then your resume comes along,
and it's more of a placeholder, and it doesn't weigh as mush.

Here's another strong example of resume.
What I like is what the student did in the experience section.
(What I like about what the student did is in the experience section..)
She has strong action verb, she has strong results, but she also has strong numbers, she was able to quantify her results and accomplishments.
(She has strong action verbs)
A cover letter is important again to know that this is another marketing document, 
(In terms of cover letter, it's important again to know )
relevant, should be one page, and should be a highly customerized document.
And, basically, a cover letter is answering two questions, why you for that specific position at that specific organization.


This is also a great resume because rather than just a mini job description in an experience section,
this former student is using what we call accomplishment statement to describe his experience.
Basically, three criteria, you want to begin with a nice, strong action verb, and in our resume-writing handout, 
we have a list of one hundred-plus action verbs.
After you write each of your sentences, your phrases, you wanna say to yourself, 
(So as you write wach of your sentences, )
"So what? Big deal? So I did that. What is the difference? Did I increase anything, decrease, modify, or change?"
(What did I make a difference?)
If it's possible, to pull out accomplishments and results.
(so, if it's possible)
The third criterion is about quantify information.
(And the third criterion would be to quantify information)

What makes a great resume and a great cover letter?
Things you need to know is that these are marketing documents.
(What's important to know is...)
Another thing you need to know is that average employer now takes up only about 7 seconds, so they're not reading resumes, they're skimming resumes.
(It's also important to know is that the average employer now...                           so they're not reading these resumes, they are skimming these resumes.)
So they want to know as the batt off that how you can add.
(So they need to know right off the bat how you can add value)

Here's an example of recent alum's resume.
(So here's a great example of a recent alum's resume)

It's one page, although two pages would be fine.

This person has his contact information, he is then listing his education, although it's possible to put the education at the bottom.
You should ask youself, Is it my education that's more ____ or is it my experience.
(You need to ask yourself,                  that's more marketable)
