


This could be as simple as observing holidays.

This could be as simple as observing holidays in your new market.

It is a complex task of working within the parameters of diverse political environment.

It is a complex task of working within the diverse political environment.

Today is as hot as yesterday.

Let's start with what makes the target market distinct.

This course starts with the basics of computing.

A cup of coffee in the morning always makes me happy.

The cultural intelligence of your target market should be a primary consideration.

It is a primary consideration when building a company's international strategy.

Overlooking the cultural aspects of expansion is the main reason for failure.

Overlooking the human capital aspects of expanson is the main reason for failure.

They need to research the best way to onboard, manage, and retain the best employees.

They need to research the best to retain the best employees.

Companies need to consider how to fully integrate their operations.

How to fully integrate their operations?

They fail to consider who will soon make up their workforce.

However, companies often overlook the importantance of cultural difference of a new market.

The infrastructure makes it difficult to move goods.

This will result in additional expenses.
 - This will result in decreased efficiency.

Product delivery are dependent on transport systems.
 - Product delivery depend on transport systems.
 - Product delivery are all dependent on road, rail and other transport system.

Cultural influences shape the infrastructure of a country.
 - Cultural influences such as the political landscape shape the infrastructure of a country.

This could be as simple as observing holidays.

Let's start with ...

what makes that target market distinct.

A cup of coffee always makes me happy.

The cultural intelligence should be a primary consideration.

I am building a company's international strategy.

Overlooking the cultural is the main reason for failure.
 - Overlooking the human capital is the main reason for failure.

They need to research the best way.
 - They need to research the best way to retain the best employees.

Companies need to consider ...

How to integrate their operations
 - How to fully integrate their operations.

Companies often overlook the cultural differences.
 - Companies often overlook the importance of the cultural differences.

===================
The system failed to shutdown properly.

They fail to consider ...

who will soon make up the workforce.

As companies plan their international growth.

a lot of attention is given to establishing a sales strategy.
 - sales strategy

a lot of attention is given to identifying the target market.
 - target market

I am based in London.

I head up the team.

Policymakers are deciding net neutrality regulations.
 - Policymakers are deciding how flexible net regulations will be.

Not all bits are created equal.

We treat them (in) that way.

Consumers will pay the price.

They won't have access to innovative new technologies.

Do you have access to wifi here?

They have the power to improve out Internet experience.

