The numbers we can see every business day, they can tell us important information about our econmey.
But where do they come from and what do they mean?
This is a stock market in plain English.
Let's get started by talking about companies.
There are two basic types.
The first is called private company. 
Ownership of these companies are private, which means it's not available to everyone.
They're usually "small- to medium-sized", there are a lot of them, from the bekery down the street to the local trucking company.
The private companies are typically owned by an individual or a small group of people.
Because ownership is limited, we won't worry about them.

Our forcus in on the companies that offer ownership to everyone.
These are called public companies.
Here's how they work.
Let's say Zipper Corp is a successful company that has big plans.
It wants to expand and build a button factory but it doesn't have enough money.
Because it's a public company, it can divide part of ownership of company into thousands of pieces, and sell them to people like Maya.
These are companiess' stock, also called shares.
Maya gets to own a part of the company, and Zipper Corp raise money for their new factory.

Being a public company, allow Zipper Corp to raise money from lots of new owners like Maya.
Now, Maya's share of the company have a value that typically changes each business day.
When Zipper Corp is doing well, the future of company can look promising.
This means the value of the company and the value of her shares, may go up.
People like Maya buy shares because they can make money by selling them at a right time.
The big ideal is to buy shares at a lower price, and sell them at a higher price.
Of course, this is risky, because the company's future is hard to predict.

For example, people believe that the button factory is a good news may want buy the Zipper Corp's shares because they think the value will increase.
People who believe the button factory is a bad ideal may sell the Zipper Corp's shares because they think the value will decrease.
That means the company's stock has both buyers and sellers.
Each business day, share change hands depending on how people feel about the company's future.
Some days there're more buying, which can cause the stock price to rise.
Some days there're more selling, which can cause the stock price to fall.
This is true for each public company in the market.

As people buy and sell shares, the stock prices change each business day.
It's these exchanges across thoushands of companies and millions of people that make up stock market.
When you see news that stock market rose, it generally means that across the public companies the value of shares went up more than went down.
This is considered good news, because people feel good about future, they're buying shares.
Now, because there are thoushands of companies, there has to be an easy way to see a big picture about market.
We do this with an index, which is an average of a specific group of stock prices.

Indices help us understand if the market went up or down on a given day by looking at the performance of a group of companies.
For example, the Don Jones Industrial average is an average of stock prices of 30 large U.S companies.
The S&P 500 is an average of 500 companies.
We hear a lot about stock market in the U.S, but there are stock markets all over the world.
In each market, company share their ownership with public, and the ownership is exchanged each business day.
We get to see how it all comes together across public companies, thanks to indices we see in the news each business day.

