[3]
We were learning to give by giving, and we were getting some of it wrong.
Cristicism made us take a closer look at what we were doing, and it led us to a realization.
(Criticism made us take a closer look at what we were doing.)
One for one wasn't a corper policy, it was a movement.
(One for One wasn't a corperate policy, it was a movement.)
We weren't a shoe company at all, we were a giving company.
And that changed it all.
(And this changed everything.)
I was hired to grow the giving department.
Now we have an entired team of people devoted to learning how to give better, to take feedback we received, and to do more.
(to take feedback we have received)
We designed a new giving product, winter boots for colder climates, sneakers for playing in our city streets.

[2]
I remember boxing of the first Toms at Blake's apartment.
(I remember boxing some of the first Toms at Blake's apartment.)
We sold 10,000 pairs, so we gave away 10,000 pairs, 10,000 pairs that protected children
(We sold 10,000 pairs that first summer.)
from disease and infection, that completed the school uniform, helping increase enrollment.
We gave repeatly, going back time and time again to the same communities, watching the kids grow up 
(We gave repeatedly, )
with Toms on their feet.
10,000 become 1 million, 2 million.
(Ten thousand became one million, two million.)
A spongenous response to a simple request had evloved into something much bigger than we had expected.
(A spontaneous response to a simple need had evolved into something much bigger than we had expected.)

[1]
Toms didn't start with a ideal of a shoe.
(Toms didn't start with a idea for a shoe)
In fact, it was the abcence of a shoe that started it all.
(In fact, it was the absence of a shoe that started it all)
Angetina was beautiful, music, colors, foods, people.
(Angentina was beautiful, the music, the colors, the food, the people)
But as soon as I left, I noticed this need.
(But as soon as I left the city, I noticed this need)
I knew nothing about shoes, and very little about giving.
But I had a simple ideal, what if a "for profit" company used giving as his business model,
(But I had a simple idea, What if a "for profit" shoe company used giving as its business model.)
one where for every pair of shoes sold, a new pair of shoes would be given to a child in need, one for one.
(one where for every pair of shoes sold, a new pair would be given to a child in need, one for one.)
They'd be shoes for a better tomorrow, tomorrow's shoes, so I called them toms.

