[4]
And number one: Ability to use skills and abiilities.
Above and beyond anything else, employees want to feel useful and able to utilize to use skills.
Sixty-three percent say this is a key to employee satisfaction. 
With the economy on a gradual upswing, the issue of job security is taking a back seat to worker's need to contribute in contructive ways.
People who join your company want to help you achieve your vision.
Nature and encourage their strengths and talents.
Let them shine and there will be a plenty of honey to go around.

[3]
Number three, compensation.
Number theree here should come as no surprise.
After all, most of us aren't waking up extra early, commuting, and spending all day in the office out of charity.
And while sixty percent say a vital part to employee satisfaction is their pay, only fifty-eight percent say they are happy with their compensation.
Number two: Job security.
Of course, what good is compensation if you don't know how long you will be employed in the first place.
Job security was rated as number one factor to employee satisfaction in the five previous studies since 2002,
so its relegation to number two is actually an indication of optimism in the job market.

[2]
Number five, good relationships with immediate supervisors.
Fifty-four percent of respondunts say a good relationship with their superiors is a key to their satisfaction.
No one ever wants to feel overworked and underappreciated.
Maintaing positive working relationship in the office is a cruial way to have lower-level employees know that they are an important part of the team.
Number four : Good communication between employee and Management.
Fifty-seven percent say good communication is key to satisfaction in the workplace.
Just like in any relationship, the ability to communicate clearly and positively is a key component to any company's success.
Good communication is a way to cultvate an open and creative work environment.
Poor communication, on the other hand, has proven to stifle creativities and innovations, as employees can be relutant to voice concerns and ideas because of fear of repercussions.
