[3]
The first written Valentine greetings appeared in 15th century,
and by 17th century, people in Great Britain begun a traditional of exchanging Valentine's Day cards or letters.
Valentine's Day soon caught on in the U.S as well.
The first mass-produced holiday cards emerged in 1840s, and Volentine's Day soon exploded into a major comsumer holiday.
Today, an estimated one billion holiday cards are sent each year, more than on any other holiday except for Christmas.
More than 35 million heart-sharped boxes of chocolate are sold, and more than 220 million roses are produced for the holiday in a typical year.

[2]
But who is Saint Valentine?
(But who was Saint Valentine?)
Not much is known about this holiday's namesake.
(Not much is known about the holiday's namesake.)
Because there was more than just one Christian cleric named Valentine.
(First of all, there was more than just one Christian cleric named Valentine.)
One of them was sentenced to death for performing marriage ceremonies in secret,
after Emperor Claudius II prohibited the marriage for young Roman man,
(after Emperor Claudius II banned marriage for young Roman man,)
thinking single man made better soldier.
(thinking single man made better soldiers.)
Pope Gelius declared Feburary 14 as a day for honoring soft-hearted Valentine in the end of fifth century.
(Pope Gelasius)                                                               (at the end of fifthe century.)
(It wasn't until the 1300s, though, that the holiday became definitively associated with love and romance.)
Back to then, people also believe that Feburary 14 was also birds' mating season.
(Back then, people believed that Feburary 14 was also the beginning of bird's mating season.)

[1]
There is no doubt about it, Vanlentine's Day is one of America's most popular holidays.
More of 62 percent of Americans celebrate by sending greeting cards and flowers, giving candy or other gifts, enjoying romantic dinners or all three.
But the history of Vanlentine's Day turns out to be somewhat surprising.
(But the history behind Valentine's Day...)
The roots of Valentine's Day go back all the way to a roccus ancient Romen fertility festival held in mid-Feburary called Lupercalia.
(For example, the roots of Valentine's Day go back all the way to a raucous ancient ...)
Later, the Christian church choose mid-Feburary for Saint-Valentine's Day in order to Christianize the celebration.
